Ning Yu
I found you.
Why don't you answer my calls these days?
Li Fushui
Didn't I tell you to stop pestering me?
Who is he hello
I am Xiao Wuqi
I am Li Fushui
Beihai Li Jia Da Second Young Master
Your friend lent me that car
I'm just saying people like you
How can you possibly afford to drive such a luxury car?
Where did Brother Xiao go to work?
I don't have a job in Beihai
Homeless
I see the hero is strong
It should be good to be a security guard
My Li family is one of the four major families in Beihai
Many industries
The hero can choose any one to join the job
If you don't want to be a security guard
You can also do a cleaning job.
If you don't want to
Can be my sidekick
You only need to bring tea and water every day
Just pinch your feet and beat your legs
Beihai Li Family
Li Zhifei and I met once before
He was very polite to me
You put gold on your face
My eldest brother has taken charge of the Li Group
The perfect choice for the next head of the family
What an official he is
How could I possibly know someone as inferior as you?
More than just knowing
He also knelt down to me and confessed his mistake
Presumptuous what are you
How dare you disrespect my big brother